fix( gcp_chronicle sink): add content encoding header when compression is enabled (#22009)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22007_chronicle_ingest_header.fix.md

> Set Content Encoding headers when configuring compression for the Chronicle unstructured log sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `chronicle_unstructured` sink now sets the `content-encoding` header when compression is enabled.
```
